I am going to share you a true story of a young Chinese man called “Da Lian” by translating a video about him for you.
I believe his experience and what he learnt may help to deal with the virus correctly and decrease the probability of which you will be infected by the virus. 
Along with the story, I will try to share with you a video of his, so that you can see some true things happened in the hospital. 
This video is the only video that I can find about the things taken place in the covid-19 hospital in Wuhan, my home province capital.

From watching the video and reading manuscript of a translation, you can see:
What's happening in Wuhan No.1 people's hospital.
How Da Lian and his colleadge fight against the virus.
How Da Lian grow from a coward to a brave man and work in the frontline against coronavirus.
Why people can be cured even they don't have the vaccine.

Here is the Youtube Link:
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUHMQqi-xzc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUHMQqi-xzc).
Below is my translation of the video:
Background: “Dalian”, is the nickname of a young man who comes from Liaoning province, it is also the name of a beautiful and famous tourist city in Liaoning province. He wanted to go to Hunan province, but accidentally got off his train in Wuhan and used up all his money with him.
	Title: wanna to go to Changsha but went to Wuhan by mistake, a young man from Northeast took a wrong train and became an Internet celebrity volunteer.
00:05: March 7th, 22:00, Wuhan No.1 People’s Hospital. Outside the outpatient department building.
00:10:”Da Lian” a young man from Northeast got off from his work.
J(ournalist): Do you get off work such late every day?
D(a Lian): Yes, such late every day (00:15). The sun has not risen when I go to the hospital in the morning. (00:20) It is dark when I go back home. (Common for Chinese young men.) I don’t know why I become famous through Chinese Internet. Is clean-keeping taken as a specialty (00:28)? Is moping the floor taken as a professional skill? Other Internet celebrities became famous because they have specialties (00:32). What is my specialty? My clean-keeping? Now I know I am famous. Because all the people in the hospital call me “Da Lian” (00:43). 
N(urse): Da Lian. Waiving to him.
D: Waiving back.
Z(hu Guangquan, CCTV news anchor): Da Lian, 28, planned to go the Changsha, occasionally went to the train for people going back to Wuhan, then stayed in Wuhan, with a heart undetermined.
01:04: Mobile game studio owner Da Lian, get off the train at Wuhan.
D: When I got off, I found a big trouble, no one is selling ticket, nothing, in the highway station(Due to the city block in Wuhan). No matches after searching ‘hotel’ in Internet. Call ‘DiDi’(Chinese version Uber), out of service. Searching volunteer in Tongcheng, I meant to ask for volunteer to help me, not to find a job, after click search button, job advertisements came out. Four words attract my eyes, “Free meals, Free beds” (01:42). At that time, I thought that it is impossible to go to work without a training, whatever the job is, there must be a one day or two day training(1:50). After one or two days’ training, I may find other ways and may quit the job (only for the free meals and bed). I never thought that I will go to the inpatient wards next day(2:01). Uncle, let me sweep the floor for you.
P(atient): Thank you.
D: You are welcome. You need to drink more hot water. Lots of things I have never done before, including garbage collecting, moping the floor. I seldom do housework at home (2:13). But when I am here, I have done the unfinished housework in the past twenty years.
2:23: 12 working hours every day, in charge of garbage collecting, flow-moping and disinfecting of the inpatient wards
J: Do you still remember how you work on your 1st day?
D: Impressive. When people put on the protection suit, I learned to put on it, just like them. Then I successfully put it on (maybe due to the suit needs some time to put on). After put it on, I always feel something wrong, either here or there, here or there, there must be something wrong when I put it on (2:45). The goggles, I feel that, when I take a deep breathe, there is a cold wind on my eyebrows. I feel that the air will goes into my suit and to my eyes, then I will definitely be infected. I am scared, I went to the supervisor, and he said that if no saliva or solid sticky to your eyes, your eyes protected by the goggles is OK (3:05). I was still in doubt, then I asked some other guys, they all said like that, then I believe it is true. The first boxed meal, I remember clearly, I took 3 layers of gloves, they just put on 2 layers, I put on 3, and all of them are bundled with plastic tapes. When I stretch my hands to the first box under a stack of boxed meals, it is squishy and thick (3:39). At the moment I feel it, my heart stops, it is water, it has water in it, I was infected. The first reaction is I was infected (3:50). After that, when holding the boxed meal, I don’t know where to place my it, or holding it, because it has water in it. My head went empty, I have no idea what to do. Then I put it in (into the impatient wards). When I turned back and going out, a patient called “kid, there is a garbage bin”. I looked in the bin, there are some apple cores and yogurt dumped by the patients.
I was so afraid of that. Right at the moment I crouch, the protection suit is sealed, the moment I crouch, the air goes out from 2 sides of my protection suit. I feel that I dare not stand up, because the air will goes in once I stand up. So scared(4:36).
4:40: Big challenge comes.
D: The most impressive thing is the next morning, an uncle’s nose kept bleeding, his tissue paper is holding on his nose, then the tissue turned completely wet, and red. He held it on his hand and try to throw it to the bin, but he missed and throw it on my leg. My heart stops again, you know, I am dead, totally dead (5:07). Certainly the nurse saw it, our nurse are pretty good, she saw that I was scared, she said that “hey kid, please get me the dustpan, some tissues too. Let me help you clean this”. The nurse, in my opinion, she is a true man (good model). Thumbs up. Manlier than me. After holding the tissue and tear it down, she just put on gloves and cover the blood on the floor directly, then put it into the bin. I said to her, “you are a true man, I dare not” (5:42). The nurse just don’t let me touch the blood or the tissue after she put the tissue completely wet with blood into the bin. As the cleaner is typically uncle or aunt, I am so young and she knows that I had never do this. She said to me: whether change your suit and go out, or deal with your leg and disinfect with the detergent (6:02). I said I choose to go out, I am scared, truly scared, I went out, I wasted a set of protection suit. I was scared in no doubt. I cannot continue.
6:17: after a series of events, Da Lian backed down.
D: At that day, I considered changing a job, find another job. Forget it, but every search for jobs, matched with job advertisements from hospitals, all the same.
J: How did you overcome the fear?
D: Every day I go the nurse station, I saw their workload, tasks, contacts with patients. I usually chat with them, I asked “aren’t you afraid of being infected?” She said” I won’t, even though I touch the patient, once I walk out the door, I wash my hands. You should have a good habit, no matter which ward you come out, no matter whether you touched the items in the ward or not, disinfect immediately. This will guarantee your safety. Another point is that don’t touch your body, because when you take off your clothes, you don’t know which part has been touched by you (7:14). Do not touch. “ Little by little, she taught me and I go to work day by day, I accumulated experience.
7:28: after overcome the fear, but still has resist in his heart
D: After I goes into the wards, what’s my status? I take a deep breathe outside and then enter, hold the breathe, hurry in, do the job and hurry out. Some patient may chat with me actively, they truly do,because they really desire to chat with medical workers to learn their situation(7:52). We all ware the same clothes, he took me as a doctor, because doctors are usually male. They took me as a doctor and come to talk to me, I refuse deeply. I don’t want to talk to them.
8:14: more and more patients are cured, Da Lian loose his heart defense.
D: I can not remember from which moment, I..I.. I want to talk to them. I can accept them to talk to me(8:28). The first cured case I contacted, she said that she is cured and fine, she is leaving the hospital. I said how about this, we have a talk, since you are cured, let’s have a talk about what the hell this disease is. She , the first cured case is an elder sister I met, talked and talked and took me as a medical worker, because I don’t have a mark as a cleaner, what I wrote in front of my chest is “Da Lian”. She said I thank you very much, and started to shed tears. She took me as a doctor, then said some thankful words. I was moved at that moment. At that moment, I think it is curable. Because I always feel the news is fake, report is just report, no self-experience. Seeing is believing(9:17). Just see they are cured, it is truly that seeing they are cured and leaving the hospital alive. I think it is curable. Then I take a think, she is in 40s, my resistance and immunity must be better than hers, my body is stronger than hers, then I can be cured as well. Even if I was infected, I can be cured. At that moment, I put it down.
D: Aren’t you going to take a CT (he speak to the patient actively).
P: I did. Already done a CT.
D:And then?
P: waiting for result until tomorrow(9:51). Everything need to check has been checked. Take another blood test and everything is done. If everything is normal, I can leave the hospital on Monday (10:03). To the J. Da Lian, he usually do his work here and we become familiar to each other. He told me his experience. I admire him very much. Thumbs up(10:15).
J: Do you know where is he from?
P:Da Lian.
J:How do you know?
P:The word on him, it’s right that Da Lian. I recognized it for a long time, I cannot say a word. I said, you are from Da Lian? He answerd, yeah. Aiyo, aiyo, I am astonished. From so far come to here, risking your life, do so dirty work. What we have is infectious disease. These are people in inpatient ward. What should I say? I used to have a bad mood, but after seeing him, truly changed(10:58). My mood really changed.(maybe the hope of be alive.) They are really dedicating, I was deeply moved. It is truly that only China, China has this kind of good youth. Put down everything, come from such a far place and do this kind of dirty work(11:14).
11:17: diligent, earnest, optimistic. Da Lian became the famous man in the inpatient ward.
11:30:Thumbs up, again.
J: why you choose this work station?
D: Because when I was working, they cannot find me. When I wrote this on the wall. Just to tell them if they can not find me ,call “Da Lian”. I put a chair here. They add this little by little.
The content on the paper on the wall:
Da Lian young man waits here,
The protector of Goddesses on the 9th floor,
Love heart after a call if any needs
Please call “Da Lian”.
J: Why they call you?
D:When they need help. Like they need to pass things. They need something they just call me. Sometimes they go downstairs to get patients’ lunch at noon, they call me(12:07).
N: Da Lian. Da Lian, please help me to lift the saline.
D:OK. How many？
N:One. At that time, we don’t know he is a cleaner. I thought he is a male nurse. He is funny. He always comes to us and chat with us.
N:I think he is brave. He reminds me a movie called “Lost On Journey”. Hahaha. But I think he is really great and also smart. Although he is bedetained in Wuhan, he can think out to contact the hospital and find a volunteer’s job. He is brave. Common people will be afraid of this environment (13:02).
13:04:Afraid of parents’ concern, filial Da Lian hide the truth of be kept in Wuhan from his parents.
D: Dad and Mom, I hide things from you, actually I am in Wuhan. Then you see lots of people are helping me. I am quite fine. My body is also fine. I have strong resistance, afterwards I can protect myself. You can see they are helping me. Right now in Wuhan, thousands of people are cured every day. Newly confirmed cases are very few. I protect myself very well. The epidemic will disappear soon. I will arrive home then. We will take the victory over the virus. When the virus defeated, it is the time I go back home.
